2. How would you expand the game?
I would add totally different colors on the easy level so there not close colors or the same colors you are guessing.  Also, I would like if you didn’t have to start the game over after every correct choice.  One should just be able to continue to play.
3. What is the DOM?
	
DOM (document object model) is the data representation of a webpage. It is at the heart of anything of document manipulation.  It is something that is created by the browser when the HTML document is loads inside of it.  It allows interaction with the browser from a scripting language code to modify the content. Once the html document is loaded into the browser it creates an object that models this document.  That document is called the document object. 
The DOM is not a programming language, but without it, the programming language wouldn’t have any model or notion of web pages, HTML documents, XML documents, and their component parts.

B. When is DOM different from HTML?
	The DOM can differ from the HTML when there are mistakes in the coding of the HTML and the browser has fixed them, because JavaScript can manipulate the DOM or when using Ajax and templating.  When using Ajax to snag content from elsewhere and putting it on the page the DOM is going to be very different than your original HTML.

C. What is the state of Dom when you load the page?
	Everything is function on the page

D. What is the state of the DOM if you turn off JavaScript and refresh the page?
The “working” parts do not work anymore

4. a. Which parts of UI are being generated by the HTML file? The CSS? The JavaScript? 
HTML: The division and elements of the file, the words on the screen, columns/division(diff sections)
CSS: the styling of the font and size, the colors, the alignment
       JavaScript: The movement of the game, the color choices, the score
   b. It took the background out, the margin and font changed.  Basically, all the styling of the game was altered.
(Breaking points)
c. What happens when you click on a color block?
i.  nothing happens when I click on the color block with the break points I did.  I actually broke it
ii.    What happens when you click on the winning color block?
	
All the colors change to the winning color

iii.  What happens when you click "Play again"? 


When the “play again” button is hit that button changes to say “new colors”, the name of the color to guess resets to a new color and the colors change in the blocks.

iv. vi.  Why does it persist through closing the page? 

JavaScript makes the words change, the colors on the block change, the score changes


v.  How does score keeping work?

It is saved in the localStorage 

viii.  What's different about the way the score is kept now? 

 The game no longer keeps a running score.

  ix.  When you win what happens when the title changes? 
Nothing happens you have to reset the game
   x.  What does Asynchronous mean in the context of JavaScript? 
The functions in the code are able to run together.  This means the first function in a code will not have to completely run before the second function can run.
   xi.  What is the fetch function inside of updateColorName? 
The fetch gets the url that the colors come from
   xii.  What does it do? 
The fetch gets the url that the color come from

   xiii.  What's an alternative to using fetch? 
AXIOS is the alternative to fetch
   xiv.  Why use one over the other? 
Fetch built in api library is good for running in all modernbrowsers, but some developers prefer the ease of AXIOS when it’s applicable.
